HTTP Status Codes : 4XX
 400 Bad Request : This status code means that the server could not
 understand the request because of invalid syntax.


401 Unauthorized : This error shows that user is not authenticated.
The 401 Unauthorized status code means that the request has not been applied
 because the server requires user authentication.
The client sent its authentication credentials to the server, but the server rejected the credentials.
The client failed to provide any authentication credentials within the request.
The client is banned. Some applications use 401 Unauthorized Errors to restrict access requests from specific IP addresses.
Ex:  Login page error.

402 Payment Required : This status code is a response reserved for future use.
It was originally created to be implemented in digital payment systems,
however, it is rarely used and a standard convention of using it does not exist.


403 Forbidden : This Error shows that perticular user is not authorized to see the requested page.
                when a web server forbids you from accessing the page you’re trying to open in your browser.
                403 Forbidden status code means that the client request has been rejected because the client
                does not have rights to access the content. Unlike a 401 error, the client's identity is known
                to the server,but since they are not authorized to view the content,
                giving the proper response is rejected by the server.
                Ex: Role & Right issue.

404 Not Found : This status code means that the server either did not find a current representation for the requested
                 resource or is trying to hide its existence from an unauthorized client.
                 When looking at things SEO-wise the 404 Not Found status code pages with a high volume of traffic
                  should be redirected using a 301 to the most relevant page possible. For some pages, however,
                  a 404 might be necessary, for example, if the product is out of stock for an extended period of time.
                  If you have external links pointing to a page that returns 404, you will lose the link equity those links would otherwise give.

405 Method Not Allowed : This status code means that while the server knows the request method,
 the method has been disabled and can not be used.

Idempotent: Whenever User asks something from server and get the same answer everytime.
            An idempotent HTTP method is a method that can be invoked many times without
            the different outcomes. It should not matter if the method has been called
            only once, or ten times over. The result should always be the same.

            Idempotency essentially means that the result of a successfully performed
             request is independent of the number of times it is executed.
Ex: POST is NOT idempotent.
    GET, PUT, DELETE, HEAD, OPTIONS and TRACE are idempotent.

    Cachable APIs :
    GET requests is cachable by default – until a special condition arises.
     Usually, browsers treat all GET requests as cacheable.
     Ex : We can get the data on browser.

     POST requests are not cacheable by default but can be made cacheable
     if either an Expires header or a Cache-Control header with a directive,
     to explicitly allows caching, is added to the response.

     Responses to PUT and DELETE requests are not cacheable at all.